Great effort.
session was good.
session was very interactive.
Communication skills and Pace of discussion were too good.
The presentation was good overall but a few places, you were unable to handle the questions properly.
Good session raman :)
nice presentation!
Let me tell you, Raman, you are a nice presenter.
So, I'll only explain <5 points, When you asked for suggestions and questions, if someone is giving suggestions, you need to repeat that suggestion, so that it becomes a part of your recording and the viewers can understand what was the suggestion, and what could be better when the presenter was showing a weak point... 
I just felt that you just listened to Bhavya's point and ignored it compeletely...
No one other than you uderstood what he said..
In conclusion it was nice... but not better than your previous one ;)
Try to be a more expressive not just to yourself but to the audience as well :)
Good Session. Some Examples could have been better.
Good session. Just one tip, take a few seconds to process the question from the audience. Will help formulate the answer better.
Good
Awesome
Nice session
Basic one but good session.
session was good
It was good.
Good Presentation
Really good session.
Nice session
Good
Very nicely presented with all little details and an interestingly understandable demo.
Would try my hands on Gatling for sure.
'You' were good.
Here I am not giving you 5 just cause of nervousness, nothing else.
Overall it was an awesome experience and appreciate your efforts to make it possible.Thanks
As always best presentation skills.
Coverage of topic was more than enough.
For your part the 'code go through' was a bit fast.
Good example and explanation of the definition.
Awesome meetup :)
This was a great session.
Nice presentation skills
1. You told a very good case study at the beginning and people could definitely relate what you want to say, but it was not enough to the point.
Try to make your talk to the point at all stages. Moreover, it should have humorous where it was more of a rage.
2. Did a good job by not taking awkward pauses while showing the demo.
3. However, while showing code articulation could have been better.
You rocked it dude! :P
great session
You started nicely but involve in answering questions with the partner.
good one
Great Session!
Confidence is really good but needs to work on listening to the question clearly and answering the answers gracefully
Awesome
Awesome Session.
Excellent!
The session was good.
The Knolwledge shared was awesome.
You were looking confident while presenting which shows the knowledge of the topic was good.
The questionnaire was smooth although you should incline yourself more to the other person to understand the intent of the question and then you will be able to answer it better.
Expecting more sessions like this.
All the best.
good session
Session was awesome!
A little more patience while delivering the presentation
Nice session
Was very good session, explained everything clearly, diagram visualization of the under the hoo implementation was also quite good, just try to keep calm in the following sessions
Very good presentation skill and understanding of the topic was very good.
The session was good and every topic was covered.
A Great Session, Basics are now crystal clear.
Was a good session all over.
There should be a trial knolx presentation session given to a closer group of individuals for a trial run.
Nice presentation. Basics
explained well.
Good Session
Great presentation
Good session raman :)
Very nice session. Keep it up!!
The scope of the topic could have been reduced a little to keep the topic-specific and detailed.
Nice presentation!
Session was very good, liked the ways you handled the cross questions.
the only things I thought you can improve is to keep your speaking speed bit slow.
You are jumbling the words which can be improved, otherwise, everything was good. keep it up
Nice session
Extremely good session for beginners, very well explained.
Ability to complete session in specified time lines	Any other feedback or remarks
Nice presentation
Try to elaborate more on what you want to say. Otherwise all was good :)
It's Cool
It was a great session. You tried to explain each and everything in great detail. So, it was one of the best session.
Good session and nice handling of queries.
Nice session.
It seems you are lacking understanding of topic that's why you were strugling to explain it.
And whenever someone answers for you please listen to them.
It does not look good even one who answers and you reply sorry i was not listening.
Please take care of these things for your next knolx and be prepared.
I have attended the best session till now. Examples provided was very good i.e crystal clear.
Keep it up and want to attend such session again. Only one thing I want to say that the example you have provided on temp must have been given earlier.
everything was good.
The audience kind of lost interest during the deeper mathematics. However the topic was presented with the best possible homework. Keep that up.
Amazing session.
Interesting session
Though the session got a good response on classification and regression part, it was already covered in earlier knolx sessions.
It would have better to skip that part and talk more about logistic regression. 
Never point finger
Be more prepared with the explanations
Listen to the audience question first before reply anything.
Prepare topic before giving the Knolx Prepare for the questions Don't repeat the same answer when you don't know the answer that "I don't know the inputs in that case or I don't want to look at there, my topic is this"
demo part could have been more explanatory
The session was a bit inconsistent. Multiple terms were used without reference. Flow could be better. The audience was going into wrong directions.
Excellent session. basic explanation was very helpful
Session was awesome.
The session was interesting.
it should cover only basic topics.
Session was good
Good
Please listen to the person from the audience who is answering the question asked from you. Rest all was good :)
It was the first interactive session on Machine Learning. Great session bro.
Nothing made sense to me except the biological Neural Networks. I'll suggest you to prepare again and present again with interest. Don't just cover the topic.
Expected more good session on ML like this one. :)
Good
Couldn't understand much of the content.
He has done a good job for his first knolx.
Need to bit more professional and move slowly slowly instead of trying to cover more part.
Demo is Good
Good Session. Proper and to the point explanation. Nicely handled the questions.
Nice presentation
Nice Session !!
Good effort as it's his first knolx.
All the best for future :)
He an work on answering the questions a bit more confidently. Rest the session was good.
Good session
Basic one but good session.
Readability.. Readability.. Readability :P
Nothing much overall it was
good session
Awesome
session was good.
session was very interactive.
Session was good
the session was good and helpful.
The presentation was good but try to be a little slow and few screenshots of code in the slides were not visible.
Good session :)
Sorry bro, but your session was quite boring just because of your speed of explaining the things...
it seemed like you are just rendering the slides and not concerned if the audience is getting it or not...
+1 for your communication but again you need to learn how to control your pitch when speaking on the mic.
There were instances of very high pitch in your tone, due which your presentation got disturbed a lot...
No judgments on the God's acts, electricity ;)
A topic is good but the content is very low.
And You would take hardly few minutes to explain L and I principle from SOLID.
Saying it is not that many important shows you are not properly aware of the principle that's why you feel they are not required.
Please don't rush through the presentation, you were speaking quite fast so may be slowing down a bit will help.
Example Slides were not visible so we can improve on it. Session was good overall .
Worth the time spend
Good session. Just one tip, wait a few seconds after each slide so the audience can grasp the content.
Contest should be summarized.
He was quite fast and running with the topics.
He might have presented his whole things in two separate Knolxs'.
Overall He was well and his content was full of interest.
Well Done Anmol Sarna.
Learn to go slow and quite more explanatory.
Was on Half day leave
Everything is good in the session
Has an interview sceduled
Try to take less topic instead of taking all the topics, Dont write too much content in ppt, it should be less on ppt and more on vocal, Please dont run fast, try to move slowly while giving the knolx
Basically, it was good.
unable to attend the session due to project work.
Nice presentation
The session was good. Few more use cases of the technology would be great to come across.
Overall it was a good presentation
Good Attempt.
Too much content, and too many topics.
Very speedy coverage of important sub-topics. Handled questions well.
You can write your own book on reactors after Martin
Knowledge of the concepts was good.
Explain things cleanly.
Speak fluently.
The session went bit lengthy.
New tech, gave more to learn, good session There was way too much information for the single session, people not knowing akka to that level of expertise could not understand much.
Too many topics and Demos, but tried to nicely ariticulate it.
Tried to cover too much in a 30 minutes session, more details on some part of the agenda could have been helpful.
Take a bit longer than usual time
All good
It was a good learning.
Good session.
Good
examples could be little bit better
Good session
Session was pretty average overall.
But the things discussed was not up to the mark.
It was like the presenter was just completing the knolx numbers.
Because the practical implementation and uses were not that much and the theoretical part was something that everyone has gone through in XII class and in graduation.
Handling of answers could have been better
Sometimes presenter laughs without any reason, even audience does not get any jokes.
In that case, the presenter needs to clear about his jokes so the audience can enjoy.
Mostly reading from ppt. You should try to explain better and more confidently
Good.. Keep improving :)
It was very informative session.
excellent session nitin, i am an intern right now, but a very informative session for me, lots of new things learned
Need to work on voice and accent. Initially, it was good but later on, it was troublesome.
Need to be more articulated when answering cross-questioning.
Overall body language was fine, but try to open your arm whenever possible.
Don't read out the slides only You were moving too fast Rest is superb.
A better topic could have been taken.
Although nice try.
Avoid reading complete slides and shorten the content and number of slides
Nice Presentation!
Good
Awesome session!
You were not able to answer properly and got confused.
Need to understand the concept clearly.
After that, you would be able to explain others.
It could have used better graphical means for presentation. It also looked a bit unprepared.
Poorly formatted content with an area of improvement like how to answer the queries from viewers, how to simplify the content when presenting complex pieces like the dendrogram and matrix computation also befor starting off with algorithms a basic introduction to What is AI and how it is going to help the people should also be presented, i liked the topic it was interesting but could have been more appealing and informative.
You looked a little fidgety.
The session was good, though from demo point of view there was not much to understand/follow as it was not clear in terms of the data which the test cases was trying to depict.
The concept was very interesting but unable to understand the coding part.
Should have discussed the basic concepts about clustering first
Awesome bro..
Session was overall good.
Nice session
Great presentation
The session was good but more concrete and easy examples could be given to make the problem easy to understand. As the topic was new for many so more understanding was required for the basics.
good session
The session was good, was expecting some interesting demo on machine learning so it was a little bit disappointing for me.
Confidence was good enough, although the knowledge should be more thorough of the topic. Advice would be to give a demo session before the knolx to find out the expected doubt and prepare them beforehand.
Demo should be more transparent so that audience gets to know what is happening.
This could've been acheived through some logs or by explaining the test case written for the code.
For machine learning algorithms, it is better to find use cases before presenting it so the audience may relate.
Explained very well, just try to be confident throughout the session, not saying you weren't also I did not that you were not confident about the topic, here I am talking about the confidence as a presenter but at some places i seems that you got nervous
+ves: - The session was pretty good and interactive.
The clustering concept was very interesting.
The coding style was looking good.
Suggestions: - The session was a bit advanced level, so the audience which is not familiar with machine learning concepts were facing problems to understand things.
For this kind of sessions, it's better to provide some basic material in advanced so that they can correlate.
Or divide the session into two parts so that you can get some more time to start with basics and then move to advance concepts. - You can also ask questions periodically to understand if the audience is able to follow up.
If Audience is correlating things with other concepts then its better to put them back to the main topic ASAP.
It's better to start with the problem instead of a solution.
Nice presentation!
Nice session
It was a good session.
I guess it would be better if you could take a hypothetical situation and explain the idea through diagrams instead of  mathematical jargons, We can't ignore those jargons but I think the example above will make the math easy on the ears
it was a purely theoretical session which made it boring for others. let's not focus on theory only, get some practical hands-on or some example which will keep the audience active
The session was good with a lot of discussions, some of the points are missing initially, but after some time it was clear.
Confidence was good, but I feel some of the points are missing and confused like a brief on linkage strategy and an example he mentioned to use complete linkage what are their benefits and brief. But Still, lots of improvement, keep it, bro
Good
Awesome
Nice session
Basic one but good session.
Nice session overall
Good introductory session.
Good session
session was good
Nice Presentation!
It's always great to see things working with a running demo.
Presentation was good but it would be better if we could see a working demo.
1. Presenter little bit nervous. 2. Good point is, I doesn't have interest in ML, but still, this session makes interest.
Very new thing for me. very informative session
Session was really good.
It was a good sesion.
It was a nice session. It would be good if the session can be made a bit more interesting so that people do not get bored. It might be just because the session was bit theoretical.
Good introductory session for dimension reduction. The demo didn't work. You have to be more comfortable and confident while giving session. Good examples.
Good session but try to speak little louder.
Excellent session (except the time ;-) ) Congratulations for the book :)
The session got very monotonous towards the end. If it's especially a 1-hour session, it should be more interactive and the demo should not be saved just for the end.
the session was too long
great session
Excellent
Nice Presentation!
The session was awesome.
Nice and very informative session. Need to be bit more louder while speaking.
Good session but you took almost half an hour more and although there was mick, still your voice is not so audible.
I didn't got almost nothing from session.
Good session. But if you will speak a little loudly, it will enhance your presentation skill.
A bit lengthy and too much theory. But overall it was good.
You were low on energy. That is the only thing I think you need to work on.
Be a little bit more loud. And try to speak through the mic given. Rest very nice session.
Try to make the session interesting.
Try to be more loud and interactive to attract the audience.
The duration of session was long and was not audible properly. Can be a bit louder.
It's good but plz be little bit load.
session must be completed with in time period
Session was too long, some concepts were repeated in presentation.
The session was good.
1. Need to work on presentation skills for attractive presentations. 2. Speak little bit loudly during the session. 3. Repeated, the same thing after every 3-4 slides, please avoid this.
1. He can improve on bringing in more energy when delivering/presenting the session. 2. He should be cognizant of the time the session should be completed in. 3. He should make sure the collar mic is properly positioned so that his voice is loud and clear.
It was a good and knowledgeable session. Correct use of mic would have made it more audible.
Following could be improved 1. It is of utmost importance that session is time boxed, it took 15 minutes extra which is not acceptable 2. The session was good though it seemed to cover a lot more about ML in general as compared to the sessions' topic which was about find-s. A quick introduction to ML should have sufficed and the presenter wouldn't have to rush into explaining find-s at the end.
presentation was in good pace.
It was a nice Knlox, I came to know ML on a basic level. You can be a bit louder yourself if the mic's not working ;)
Can be more loud when speaking, some of the slides could be better explained, find s is pretty simple ml algorithm , presenter can list down the usages.
Should have done proofreading on the deck created. There were quite a few spelling errors.
Too much theory, should include more practical examples
Session got a little lengthy. Coverage of topic was good. Well explained.
Session was more theory than actual implementation. Will be better if the details are abstracted according to the viewers.
knowledgeable session
overall session was good but there were many spelling mistakes in slides and the way you express is really nice.
Need to be more loud
voice is low
1. Was presenting without taking any break. To give a good presentation we should always pause between sentence or points we are explaining. 2. A bit of dramatization would have make it more interesting. 3. On the initial stage, there was no audience interaction at all, though at the end of the session there was some. Note: Overall it was a good presentation but could have made more interesting.
The session was too long.
Session was extended for 15 minutes. The content was more about machine learning than about Find-S.
Had a good knolx
